Previously on
Sons of Anarchy:
JOHN TELLER:
Dear Mo, I’m so lost
here in Charming.
The club, my family,
everyone’s a stranger.
I’ve seen my best friend and my
wife growing closer and closer.
I feel nothing,
not even fear.
I’ll hand deliver
Jimmy O’Phelan.
What do you want?
My son, my mother
and my club.
And I’m supposed
to just trust you, huh?
Hey, my club finds out,
I’m dead.
It’s Gemma’s statement about
what happened with Polly and
Edmond at the safe house.
If you want her clear of the
homicide, get her on board.
This is from Stahl, isn’t it?
Do not get in bed
with this bitch.
I am telling you
this is what you need to do
to protect SAMCRO.
Kill the deal or
I turn myself in
to the U.S. Attorney
and tell him my statement
was a pack of lies you fed me.
I’m sure that agent you’re
hanging all the blame on
will have no problem
backing me up on that.
We know Jimmy’s reached
out to the Russians
in Northern California.
The ones we’ve been
muling your handguns to?
Aye, you need to kill him
before he exiles someplace
where we can’t find him.
Comes with rewards.
We’re willing to significantly
expand your gun business.
Former high-ranking leaders
of the IRA
now make up the Ruling Council
of the Real IRA.
Do you have any contact
with any of these guys?
JAX:
The Irish gave Jimmy safe
passage out of Belfast,
in exchange for my kid.
He’s up north
with the Russians.
- STAHL: Putlova?
- JAX: Yeah.
I need you to tell me
what’s going on with Stahl.
You’re just going to have to
trust me.
I can’t protect you
from Clay if he finds out,
and if you go to jail with them
knowing you’re a rat,
you’ll be dead in a day.
Hey.
Morning.
I love you.
I love you, too, son.
[chuckles]
You don’t know that.
I have a feeling...
What?
Whatever happens today,
I’m right here.
I know.
♪ I want to be with you
all the time ♪
♪ Every day, every night ♪
♪ You’re my déjà vu ♪
♪ It sounds obsessive,
but I think it’s fine ♪
♪ When you’re gone all
I do is to think of you ♪
♪ I live and love with you
this charming life ♪
♪ You know you came
into the room alone ♪
♪ But when you left ♪
♪ Then I found that
you took my heart ♪
♪ It sounds so corny,
yes, I know it does ♪
♪ But the truth is the shade
that I choose to wear ♪
♪ I live and love with
you this charming life ♪
♪ I live and love with you
this charming life ♪
♪ Every government must pass
down a law that says ♪
♪ The sun has
to always shine ♪
♪ Hey, hey, hey ♪
♪ That everybody gets
the chance to say ♪
♪ I live and love with you
this charming life ♪
this charming life... ♪
I got something for you.
It may be a wee
bit small by now.
All right.
I’m so happy for you, man.
Thank you.
♪ I live and love with you
this charming life ♪
♪ Every morning
when I open my eyes ♪
♪ You’re the first thing
that I see ♪
♪ Hey, hey, hey ♪
♪ Lady luck, she really
took to me... ♪
Hey!
Lyla’s got something
she wants to say.
We’re getting married.
[cheering]
Bachelor Party!
♪ I live and love with you
this charming life ♪
Congratulations.
I know.
To Lyla!
[cheering]
[thumping]
[toilet flushes]
Baby?
Hey, been looking for you.
I’m just cleaning up.
Gonna go see Otto.
All right.
I’ll call the Indians,
arrange the pickup.
I wouldn’t go in there.
[chuckles]
Sit for a sec.
[sighs]
What’s going on?
Today’s about to go
off the rails, baby.
We gotta find Jimmy
before we go inside.
I know what you have to do.
This is more
than retaliation.
We made a deal with
the Irish Kings.
Taking out Jimmy
gets us access
to a much higher
level of merchandise.
What Irish Kings?
Real IRA Council.
Same guys got us the deal
to get Abel back from Jimmy.
Redheaded godfathers.
You do not say no
to these guys.
Hey...
This is good for us, baby.
I don’t have that many more
years at the head of that table.
This is an opportunity
for us to finish big.
Set us up for
the rest of our lives.
While we’re sitting in a cell.
We don’t know how any of
that shit’s gonna shake out.
Let’s not worry about
that right now.
You’re right.
I’ll worry about it tomorrow,
when they’re carting
us both off to jail.
I’m sorry.
I love you.
[sighs]
♪ Riding through this world
All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul
You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight
A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed
Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
This is excellent work.
Yes, I know.
I’m finishing up
the arrangements
in Santa Catarina.
Funds should
transfer this afternoon.
Good.
Donny’s closing things
up out here.
He’ll be back in
a couple hours.
Maybe we should try to get a
flight out tonight, yeah?
I’ll set it up.
Grand.
[chuckles]
Tig, can I show
you something?
Could be really
important for you guys.
Later.
Hey.
Mine and my pop’s.
Okay.
KG-9’s.
Got a call into Lynn
for the other one.
I’m at the station
when you need me.
You’re the best...
"Chemo" Sabe.
That ain’t funny.
Yes, it is.
[sighs]
[pounding]
What are you doing?
I’m gonna turn myself in.
What are you talking about?
Drive.
- Gemma, I, we...
- Drive!
[jail cell door buzzing]
Yeah, Lenny’s, uh, real tight
with the Gulag crew in here.
That’s, uh, Putlova’s muscle.
We need a location today.
Might be able to get a few
minutes with him at the fence,
but that ain’t gonna be easy.
We’ll try to arrange
whatever we can on our end.
Yeah, okay.
BOBBY:
You doing okay, bro?
Yeah.
Where’s the case at?
Uh, I’m not really sure.
My, uh... my P.D.
don’t speak real good English.
[laughing]
P.D.?
What-What are you doing with a
public defender?
We’ll put Rosen
or Lowen on it.
They had cameras in
the reading room.
They got me offing
the peckerwood on tape.
There’s not much of a defense.
They’re gonna plea that down.
I got no grace
in here, brother.
Apparently, I "continue
to exhibit a pattern
of aggressive behavior."
[laughing]
I’ll be, uh...
I’ll be on the row by the time
you guys are arraigned.
I’ll, uh, I’ll do what I can
to get to Lenny, all right?
Thank you.
All right, guys.
Do I need to post a chaperone,
or can you ladies chat
with some civility?
We’ll be fine.
Good luck.
What’s this?
It’s my statement
exonerating you for
the murder of Edmond Hayes.
And Polly’s death has
been ruled self-defense,
so you’re cleared
of the homicides.
Of course, there’s still
the fleeing custody charge,
but with your recent
medical flare-up,
I got it remanded
to house arrest.
You’ll wear an ankle
bracelet for six months
and if you behave,
you’ll have it off in three.
I’ll deny all of it.
So you would sacrifice
your life in prison just
to undermine my case?
I found the folder.
I saw what Jax has given you.
You are going to get him killed.
If not by his own club,
then by the IRA.
You kill the deal,
or I tell the U.S. Attorney
it’s all bullshit.
Well, unfortunately,
my testimony’s already
been documented.
So even if you wanted to take
the fall, it’s too late.
Looks like you’ll have
to trust me.
You actually think that’s
possible, don’t you?
You are a naive bitch.
These deals–
these relationships–
can never work.
And why is that?
Because they’re based on lies.
You’re lying to your bosses.
Jax is lying to his club.
You’re both lying
to each other.
There’s no trust.
Something will go wrong.
Somebody will get hurt.
I promise you,
it’ll end badly.
[sighs]
You’re late.
I just came
from your mother.
She’s in the cage
at Charming P.D.
She tried to turn herself in
and shit on our deal.
Goddamn it!
Hmm, it doesn’t matter.
She’s been cleared of
all the murder charges.
How?
Well, Tyler confessed
before she died.
Told me everything that Gemma
said in her statement was true.
Jesus Christ.
Good thing your bosses don’t
know about our little deal.
I got to think killing
one of your own might be
a bad career move.
No.
I didn’t kill her.
Mexican bikers did.
Your mother seems to believe
that you and I shouldn’t
trust each other.
She know something I don’t?
She thinks you’re going
to get me killed.
Ah.
Are you?
You boys are running
out of time.
Bail hearing’s set
for tomorrow morning.
Clay’s sitting down
with Otto right now.
Hook him up with Lenny the Pimp
and we’ll get some info.
The meeting’s been arranged.
Good.
You owe me something now,
don’t you?
We met with Dooley,
Brogan and Roarke.
I never saw any of the others.
Put it in the document
along with my statement
about Jimmy, and I’ll
sign off on all of them.
Good, good.
Keep me plugged into Jimmy.
Absolutely.
You waiting for
a tip, shithead?
[laughing]
How you doing, Lenny?
Better than you.
Yeah, that’s a pretty solid
majority these days.
No shit.
Listen, the, uh...
club needs a big favor.
Need you to reach out to your
Eastern Bloc friends.
They’re protecting an ex-IRA–
Jimmy O’Phelan–
either in Northern Cali
or up in Oregon.
Why do we want Jimmy?
He killed five members
in Northern Ireland.
We, uh, we need the location
of the safe house.
Putlova’s got no love
for the Irish.
I’m sure he’d be open to a
better offer.
Buy him out?
That’s the only way
to get Jimmy.
All right,
why don’t you, uh...
why don’t you find out
what that would look like?
We gotta know fast, though.
I’ll pass on what I know
through the attorneys.
Okay, that’ll work.
I’ll let Clay know.
You take care, Lenny.
Okay, brother.
What a crock of shit.
Hey.
Where is she?
What were we
just talking about?
I’m sorry, baby.
Nothing impulsive, right?
[sighs]
These are reckless
times, Clay.
We are all doing impulsive
things, things that we would
never do otherwise.
I know.
I don’t think you do.
Losing Abel, all the death.
Every decision you make has
to be made in the light of
these extreme circumstances.
What are you saying?
It’s a different time.
We can’t look at Jax in
the same light as John.
Yeah, okay.
Okay.
♪ Hmm-mm... ♪
♪ Hmm, hmm... ♪
These equations were
forwarded to me
by Lenny Janowiczs’ lawyer.
Don’t know what it means,
don’t really want to.
"20 = 0, true.
38.358888 - 122.288818
= 2 million.
True or false?"
Thanks.
Give us a minute, will ya?
We gotta do the math.
Take a few.
They’re big numbers.
20 = 0.
Lenny couldn’t get a location.
The other’s in
longitude and latitude.
$2 million means
we can buy Jimmy.
$2 million. Shit!
Why don’t we just show up
and take Jimmy?
We got enough hardware.
It’s not gonna be
the safe house.
It’s gonna be a place
for the exchange.
Trust me, Putlova’s
bringing an army.
Yeah, looks like an access road
outside of Rio Vista.
40 minutes.
Ope.
Tell Lowen
the equation’s true.
Where the hell
we gonna get $2 million?
What, are we
robbing banks now?
Tell Lenny’s lawyer it’s true.
Need a time.
You do know
I charge hourly, right?
Just send it.
Jax, can I show you
something real important?
You really ought
to know about it.
Not now, bro.
You hear from Lenny?
Yeah.
Putlova wants $2 million
for Jimmy.
Jesus Christ.
Hey, I need a minute.
Where’s Abel?
Lyla and Neeta are
with him at home.
Your mother’s in jail.
I know.
I heard.
The homicide charges
were dropped.
She doesn’t want Clay to know.
She’s terrified.
What’s going on, Jax?
Please, you can tell me.
Jax, look!
[indistinct conversations]
What’s this?
Tell him.
After Tara got kidnapped,
I tried to tell you guys
about this.
When I was running the
counterfeit operation for Lin,
I was supposed to throw away all
the misprints and dirty runs.
Well, I didn’t!
He’s got three boxes full.
20s, 50s, hundreds.
Over $5 mil in fake currency.
Holy shit.
[chattering]
Don’t bend ’em.
Come here.
Sit down.
I’m gonna lend you my hand
so you can jerk yourself off.
- Go, take it.
- I accept that.
Come on. Go ahead.
Come on.
[laughter]
Don’t you point
that thing at me.
Put that away.
We got Eddie to loan us
his print cutter.
It’s gonna take
a couple hours.
Every one of these
bills is irregular.
Any scrutiny, the Russians
are gonna know.
Maybe we need to create some
sort of distraction.
Putlova’s too smart.
I don’t see how this is going
down without it turning bloody.
Well, then we better bring
everybody just in case it does.
If we could front-load the
stacks with real cash,
it could buy us enough time
to get Jimmy out of there.
Hey, I got 40 bucks
in my wallet.
I got an idea.
Putlova wants $2 million
for Jimmy.
Jesus Christ.
We got our hands
on some counterfeit cash,
but I gotta pad it out
with real bills.
Buy us some time to get
Jimmy out of there.
Where did you get the
counterfeit cash?
Not your worry.
I need money.
I still have access to
the 250K that we used
for Tara’s ransom.
That should do it.
What happens when the club
asks you where you got it?
I’ll tell them it was
in evidence here.
That I got Unser
to sign it out.
We’re gonna be there
at the exchange.
No.
If the Russians see you,
they will kill Jimmy.
If my club sees you,
they’ll know someone ratted.
We can’t take that risk.
It’s the only way
you get the cash.
I’ll give you the location,
but you gotta hang back
a few miles at least.
All right.
We’ll put Jimmy in the van.
You send in your team, pretend
you’re after the Russians.
Let us go.
Grab Jimmy.
Fair enough.
I’ll set it up.
They’ve confirmed the charter
flight this afternoon–
San Jose.
That’s good.
That’s wonderful.
Is Donny back yet?
I don’t think so.
♪ When the vultures sing ♪
♪ I’m a working man, mama ♪
♪ When the darkness reigns ♪
♪ I’ll be miles away ♪
♪ Yeah, I’ll be miles away ♪
We ready?
Yeah, $2 mil, more or less.
KG-9s, shotguns, MAC-10.
CHIBBS:
Snug ’em up tight, lads.
You’re going to need ’em.
You sure we can’t spare
one of the prospects?
We don’t know what Putlova’s
going to show up with.
We need bodies– at least
till we make the exchange.
Yeah, okay.
Hey. Tara’s here.
All right.
We’ll keep her safe.
Yeah.
Come on.
Okay, I got it.
She’s all set.
You sure about this?
I’m the only one who can do it.
Admit it– you need me.
I guess I do.
I need you to wear this.
Fancy.
I’m not going to let
anything happen to you.
To us.
Yeah.
You promise you’ll
tell me everything?
You’ll know everything
soon enough, babe.
You guys, uh, headed out?
What gave it away?
[chuckling]
Lowen’s down at the station.
She’s finishing
up Gemma’s release.
She should be home soon.
CLAY:
Okay, thanks.
And I’m all set.
Good.
You, uh... you stay whole.
Will do.
What you do for us...
...it won’t be forgotten.
You guys set?
Yep.
We make no mistakes.
Jackie boy.
Be good, old man.
Take care of yourself, boy.
Yeah.
All right, bro.
Good luck, man.
Yeah.
CHIBBS:
Let’s go, boys.
Come on, let’s go.
When you get the text,
you let us know.
Then deliver
these two letters.
I know.
We’ll handle it.
I love you, son.
I love you, too.
You all right?
Yeah.
Let’s just finish this.
[engines starting]
No Donny?
Don’t make sense.
Maybe he changed his mind.
Didn’t Luke just up
and leave you, too?
Luke didn’t leave.
Luke got taken out.
Where we going?
We need to pick
something up.
♪ They call him the matador ♪
♪ He settles
all the scores... ♪
JIMMY:
What the hell is this?
Sorry, Jimmy.
Jesus, Viktor.
After all I done for you.
The money, the guns.
Don’t do this.
♪ He don’t know what to think ♪
♪ He ain’t had
enough to drink ♪
♪ But he’ll take ’em
by surprise ♪
♪ To see the whites
Of his eyes... ♪
Million per bag.
50 stacks, 20K in each.
Thank you.
[cell phone beeps]
Moment.
♪ Well, he’ll settle
things in the sun ♪
♪ Plays God like
the chosen one ♪
♪ Well, he’s storied
from town to town... ♪
Five more minutes,
then we move in.
♪ Kills for sport
and pride... ♪
We’re good.
Excellent.
Clay, Jackson.
Lovely to see you.
Pleasure doing
business with you.
Yes.
Take care, gentlemen.
♪ To show the blade
The damage is done ♪
♪ Children cry
In their mothers’ arms ♪
♪ As the people replied
With a deafening swarm ♪
♪ Crowd rose
As the blood’s running warm ♪
♪ Oh... ♪
♪ They call him the matador ♪
♪ He settles all the scores ♪
♪ Well, he kills
in plain sight ♪
♪ With a blade and a smile ♪
TIG:
Tara, Keys.
Almost home, Jimmy.
Straight to the garage, okay?
Absolutely.
Let’s go.
Come on.
[engine starting]
Where to?
[shouts]
It’s fake.
Go, get them!
CLAY:
Looks like Viktor
did a little accounting.
♪ Gimme friction, baby ♪
♪ And I like it ♪
♪ And I like it, love it,
like it, love it ♪
♪ Gimme deathpunk, baby ♪
♪ And I like it ♪
♪ And I like it, love it,
like it, love it ♪
♪ I like it, love it,
♪ Get it on, get it on ♪
♪ Get it on, get it on,
get it on ♪
Here they come.
Close it off.
Yes, ma’am.
Let’s go, move!
♪ Right on ♪
♪ What do you want?
What do you want? ♪
♪ I want to get it on,
get it on, get it on ♪
♪ What do you want? ♪
Go, go, go!
♪ I want to get it on,
get it on, get it on ♪
♪ What do you want?
What do you want? ♪
♪ I want to get it on ♪
♪ Right on ♪
[tires screeching]
Put out an APB
on the Russians.
I want my money back.
Right away.
He’s not here.
What?
Shit!
[siren whoops]
Where is he?
Warm and cozy.
What the hell are you pulling?
Just keeping us both honest.
You get Jimmy and
my statement
when my club gets
free of hard time.
My recommendation that the
federal automatic weapons
charges be reduced from
15 to three years,
parole in 14 months.
All it needs is my signature.
Based on me
turning over Luke?
That’s what’s on
the record, yeah.
And for that...
you give me this.
Your statement of cooperation.
You share your full knowledge
of the gun-running operation
and any illegal activities
perpetrated
by the Irish Council
and Jimmy O’Phelan.
All it needs
is your signature.
I sign this, what’s to stop
you getting the IRA,
letting us rot in prison
for 15 years?
[chuckles]
What’s to stop you from
delivering this to your lawyer
and killing Jimmy?
Now, you just lied to me.
So it’s your turn for
a show of good faith.
I’m officially a rat.
Your turn.
Where’s Jimmy?
Don’t do this.
Nothing changes.
I just need to see him alive,
and then I sign.
There is no play here.
Follow me.
Are we okay?
I don’t know.
Oh, shit.
STAHL:
Good afternoon.
Where’s Jimmy O?
Okay, look, I can have a
dozen agents here in 20 minutes,
and they’ll shred this
white trash shit hole.
Get him.
Let’s go.
Thank goodness for
the American justice system.
Jimmy O’Phelan, you’re being
taken into custody–
Pleasure, love.
on suspicion of conspiracy
to commit a terrorist
criminal act.
Sorry things didn’t work out
the way you planned, boys.
Luck of the Irish though, yeah?
[car door opens, closes]
How’d you know he was here?
Because your VP made a deal.
Son of a bitch!
BOBBY:
What is she talking about?
You made a deal for Jimmy?
What?!
I did it for the club.
You ratted?!
I had no choice!
Look at everything
we’d be facing!
Wait a minute, all this time
we’ve been tracking Jimmy,
you knew you were gonna turn
him over to this bitch?!
Jimmy blew up five of our men.
HAPPY:
Chibbs lost his nephew.
I know! I’m sorry!
It wasn’t his fault;
she made him do it.
He really wasn’t a rat, Clay.
You hear me?
You are dead! Dead!
You are.
You just signed
my death warrant.
I’m sorry, but you know
what, your mother was right.
This could never work.
There’s just no trust.
I had to make sure that
the prince had turned rat.
Let’s go.
♪ Hey, hey,
My, my ♪
♪ Rock and roll
can never die ♪
Let’s go.
Hands on the car.
♪ There’s more
to the picture ♪
♪ Than meets the eye ♪
♪ Hey, hey,
My, my ♪
Your clients will be
out in three years
if they don’t kill anyone.
Parole in 14 months.
♪ Out of the blue
And into the black ♪
[sobbing]
♪ You pay for this
And they give you that ♪
♪ Once you’re gone
You can’t come back ♪
♪ You’re out of the blue
Into the black ♪
Make sure they’re separated.
Right.
You’re on this side.
Come on, sit down.
Down.
♪ The king is gone
He’s not forgotten ♪
♪ Is this a tale
of Johnny Rotten? ♪
♪ It’s better to burn out
Than fade away ♪
♪ King has gone
He’s not forgotten ♪
♪ Hey, hey
My, my ♪
♪ Rock and roll
can never die ♪
♪ There’s more to the picture
Than meets the eye ♪
♪ Hey, hey
My, my ♪
♪ Out of the blue
And into the black ♪
♪ You pay for this
And they give you that ♪
♪ Once you’re gone
You can’t come back ♪
♪ You’re out of the blue
Into the black... ♪
[siren whoops]
What’s this idiot doing?
It’s Unser.
Should I pull over?
He might know something.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah, pull over.
What the hell is this, Wayne?
Sorry, but I didn’t
have your cell number.
And I didn’t want to put
this out over the radio.
What?
I got an anonymous tip.
Probably bullshit, but
they said that four or five
of Jimmy’s guys are going
to be waiting for you
up at the Newton turnout.
That’s only a few miles south.
I can call the Sanwa sheriffs
and have them check it out.
- No, I...
- The sheriffs are idiots.
You guys check it out.
Wait, I don’t want
to leave you alone.
I’ll stay.
I’ll call for backup.
Just to be safe.
It’s okay.
Go.
[chuckles]
Really?
I’m at stage-three cancer,
sweetheart.
I ain’t got
that many perks left.
No, thanks.
You should really have some.
You got to be shitting me.
What the hell
is going on here?!
[taps window]
Take care of our girls,
Phillip, yeah?
Oh, yeah.
[groans]
This is insanity, Opie.
You have any idea
what kind of heat
this is going
to bring the club, huh?
Put your hands on the wheel.
Please!
Please...!
Please don’t do this!
Please, please, Opie.
Please, you had mercy before.
I’m begging you,
don’t do this.
And now I don’t.
Please...
This is what she felt.
Hey, let’s go.
Is that the deal?
Yeah.
Left, left side.
I had bridge work
done on the right.
You okay?
Go ahead.
PINEY:
Let’s go, kids.
[spits]
[text message beep]
[horn honking]
[laughter]
♪ Hey, hey, my, my ♪
♪ Rock and roll
can never die ♪
♪ There’s more to the picture
Than meets the eye ♪
♪ Hey, hey, my, my ♪
♪ Out of the blue
and into the black ♪
♪ You pay for this
and they give you that ♪
♪ Once you’re gone
you can’t come back ♪
♪ Out of the blue
and into the black ♪
♪ The king is gone,
he’s not forgotten ♪
♪ Is this the tale
of Johnny Rotten? ♪
♪ It’s better to burn out
than fade away ♪
♪ The king has gone
but he’s not forgotten... ♪
[knocking]
They need to see you.
Jax wanted you
to read this, then burn it.
What is it?
I don’t know.
Is Tara here?
No.
She’s at Jax’s.
Okay.
Have a good night.
JAX:
Hey, Mom.
If you’re reading this, it
means Stahl and Jimmy are dead.
And the club will
be doing short time.
I’m sorry it had to
be this way, Mom.
I know how painful
it’s been for you.
But I couldn’t tell you.
It made you an accessory.
It was a club vote.
I’d never turn on my club
or my family.
I’m not my father.
I love you more...
JOHN TELLER:
...than you could ever know,
and I’d do anything
to be with you.
Every day it becomes
more clear that
I don’t belong here.
I’m certain now that Clay
and Gemma are together.
They barely try
to hide it from me.
Gemma hates my apathy.
She hates all of me.
Her chill is terrifying.
I know my days
are numbered, Mo,
and when these letters stop,
you can be certain
that my death will come
at the hands of my wife
and best friend.
At least my sweet Thomas
will never suffer my life.
I miss him so much.
I only pray that Jackson
finds a different path.
He already reminds me
so much of myself.
♪ The king has gone,
but he’s not forgotten... ♪
♪ Hey, hey, my, my ♪